Added a note based on a question. (#4520)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Add-ons/The-Licensing-model/index.md

Licenses for our products are sold per domain and will also work on all subdomains. With every license, you will also be able to configure two development/testing domains.

:::note

> Each license will work on every version of the product it's intended for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The licenses are not bound to a specific product version. They will work for all versions of the related product.
```
